# v0.4
## Redesign
- Redesigned the launcher UI!
- Select instances easily with a sidebar, and enjoy the simpler navigation with tabs!
- The purple colour palette is now more vibrant and punchy
- Many other menus have been changed to look nicer
## Mods
- Added CurseForge to the Mods store (alongside Modrinth). You can choose the backend
- Added NeoForge installer!
- Mod updating and preset importing is now nearly 2x faster!
- Getting list of versions when creating instance is now nearly 2x faster!
- The mod store now has infinite scrolling! Just scroll down to see more mods
## Microsoft Account
- Added optional Microsoft login for those with a paid account
- Users can still continue launching the game in offline mode like earlier
## Game
- Added option to close launcher after opening game
- Overhauled the game log viewer. There is no limit now!
- You can see the launcher debug logs by clicking the bottom bar
## Platform
- macOS support is now ready!
- Improved Java installer support for Windows 32 bit, Windows ARM and macOS
## Development
- MASSIVE code cleanup and overhaul
- Redesigned the command-line experience with the "clap" library. (It's still not complete though)
- Updated "iced" to 0.13.1 from 0.12.1. Also updated many other libraries
## Fixes
- Fixed the terminal popping up on Windows
- Fixed a bug where you couldn't disable local mods
- Fixed a JSON error when installing some mods (like debugify)
- Fixed mod management breaking from renaming instances
- Fixed a crash with 1.21.3 Fabric
- Fixed a crash with 1.21.5 Forge
- Fixed an incompatibility with wine
- Fixed many rendering bugs with the mod description viewer in the mod store
- Reduced useless log file spam in "QuantumLauncher/logs/" folder
- Reduced errors in the fabric installer
- Improved reliability of network operations, you should see "Request Error"s less now
